Simple Eye Gaze 
- by VR_Robotica

Setting Up Your Avatar:


[VRR_ObjectOfInterest]
This is the script that you need to place on any objects you want your Avatar to look at. The object should have a collider 
component attached to it, if it does not, the script will create a default sphere collider at the local 0,0,0 position. This 
may not be the ideal position for your object.

Any children of the object this script is attached to, can be a point of interest.
	(ie. a point on the object that the Avatar will focus its attention on).

You can simply toggle the option "Use All Children" to automatically set the children as points of interest.
Or, you can manually add specific GameObjects to the Points of Interest list, by dragging and dropping them into the inspector.



[VRR_SimpleEyeGaze]
This is the MAIN script that will go on your Avatar.

1) Drag-n-Drop the GameObject you wish to use as the Head Pivot Position. 
- This is used as the reference point from which we will gaze at objects.

2) Drag-n-Drop the GameObjects that represent the pivots for the Left and Right Eyes. 
- For simple models you would simply use the eye object's pivot point. But, if your model is Rigged with a bone setup, 
  then use the Bone Joints skinned to each eye.

3) Align the Field Of View Frustum Position
- This should be placed between the Avatar's eyes, and slightly in front of its nose. You do not want the frustum to 
overlap (collide) with the Avatar's head (especially if it is marked as an object of interest). If you can not avoid 
the overlap, and the Avatar's head is a separate object, you will need to create and add the object to a new layer 
that is ignored by the Frustum's collider.

4) Choose whether you want to animated 3D objects or 2D Textures




If you chose 3D Objects:

1) Drag-n-Drop the head mesh (or a mesh that holds the blendshapes for the eyes) to the "Mesh With Blendshapes" slot.

2) For each eyelid, choose it's coressponding Blendshape from the list.

And you're ready to go!




If you chose 2D objects: (this has far more options)  ^_^

1) Drag-n-Drop the GameObjects for each eye. 
* These GameObjects must utilize the VR_Robotica/Unlit_Eye shader in their material.
* You can set a default image texture for the eyelid in the Material 
	- if you use a texture atlas, you will have to change the tiling property for it to look correct while in the editor

2) Choose if you want to use a 4 Frame Sequence of separate images, or a 4 Frame Atlas (Horizontal or Vertical orientation)

	a) If you chose "Sequence of Images" 
		- Simply drag-n-drop each frame into their corresponding slot, starting with the 'Open' image.

	b) If you chose "Texture Atlas"
		- Simply drag-n-drop your atlas.

3) Set the Tween Times for between the animated frames and the closed eye pause 
* the default values work pretty well

4) Set the Rotation Pivot Limits and Texture Offset Limits
- Find the approriate values by:
	a) Rotate the eye pivots to find where the Z-Axis hits the edge of the eyelid: top, bottom, inside, and out.
	* these values should be generally equal for both eyes

	b) Adjust the texture offset values along the X and Y to see where your pupils hit the eyelid edges.
	* offsets should not go beyond 0.5

- These values are used as a percentage % comparison to animate the texture offset values. So, when the eye rotates 70% of 
its maximum limit to the outside, the texture will similarly animate 70% to its corresponding limit.

And now you're ready to go!